# sitegeist.com
News is old news. This is new news.

sitegeist.com will become a revolutionary news/entertainment website through the implementation of Ethereum. sitegeist.com is currently in its infancy. The idea was hatched back in January by myself, dropping out of NYU to try and bring this dream to life. After learning about ethereum, sitegeist.com transformed from being what would have been another spiritless website, into a pioneering website trying to bring the New to the News.

The german word "Zeitgeist" translates to "The spirit of the time." The goal of sitegeist.com is to become the "spirit of the internet." It is not just a freedom of speech website, but a freedom of thought website. Originality, innovation, and quality are the tenets of sitegeist.com

Have you ever wished you could actually be rewarded for your internet posts and comments? Do you ever wish your karma on reddit stood for more than just internet points? sitegeist.com aims to reward quality user content through a token system ala ethereum. Applications of sitegeist.com are endless, however one main feature is the ability to post anonymously, and be rewarded for it. This encourages people to speak out, and most importantly to get original content out and into the world safely and efficiently.

The working terms for sitegeist.com currently are:

Geists: Literally "spirits," members will be issued x amount of geists weekly. Geists are spent posting and commenting. Dust: Dust represents the buzz or interest surrounding a post or comment. All user interactions (posts, positive comments, negative comments, and votes) generate dust. Dustclouds: Dustclouds are created when a large amount of dust is generated by a thread. Threads: A member can use a geist to create a thread, anonymously. This can take any form, whether it be a paradigm-shifting essay, or an image macro, all legal content will be posted publicly, and voted on by the community. Settled Dust: Settled dust is what occurs when a post or comment begins to gather dust in the same way that the furniture in your living room does. User content will slowly accumulate this dust when there is little to no interaction from other users. HOWEVER, this accumulated dust can be dispersed and transformed back into the good kind of dust if users begin to interact with it. The goal of this feature is to create an incentive for users to look at older comments and posts, catching the gems that slip through unnoticed on many other websites.
Comments: Comments follow threads. Comments are essentially the same as threads, also costing a certain amount of Geists, the only difference being that they are attached to posts or other comments. Subthread: If a comment chain generates enough dust, it will evolve into a subthread. Subthreads will be linked and featured on the page of the original thread.

Visual demonstrations are in the works.
